some grammar fixes (#1)
hstreamdb/cloud-docs: docs/manage-subscriptions/create-a-subscription.md

## Step1. Preparation

1. If you do not have an account, [register an account first](../getting-started/apply-for-a-trial.md) and log in.
2. If you do not have a stream, please [create a stream](../manage-streams/create-a-stream.md) first.
3. Click **Subscriptions** on the left sidebar to enter the subscriptions page.
4. Click **New Subscription** button to create a subscription.

## Step2. Create a subscription

> After clicking the **New Subscription** button, you will see a dialog. In this dialog, You will set some necessary properties for your subscription and create it:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After clicking the **New Subscription** button, a dialog will pop out. In the dialog, you need to set some necessary properties for your subscription and create it:
```

According to the previous modification, should this line also be modified?

1. Specify the **Subscription ID**. You can refer to [Guidelines to name a resource](https://hstream.io/docs/en/latest/guides/streams.html#guidelines-to-name-a-resource) to name a subscription.
2. Select a stream as the source from the dropdown list.

> 3. Fill in with the **ACK timeout**. The default value is **600**. Unit is **second**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Fill in with the **ACK timeout**. The default value is **60**. Unit is **second**.
```

> 4. Fill in the number of **max unacked records**. The default value is **1000**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Fill in the number of **max unacked records**. The default value is **100**.
```
